Decree of the Führer
That's an edict issued only by something of great nationality.
It seems that the head of state's experts are interested in this celebration
There are very important instructions
Lin Yuanzhou, Hua Wuji and others collaborated with the enemy and betrayed the country
The head of state has found out the truth
Zhao announced to the world
Lin Yuanzhou and Hua Wuji were acquitted of treason
After the title of Lin Yuanzhou as the king of Zhennan
Hua Wuji is the champion Shuanhou
Consoling the World Army Wang Chongyang squinted and punched
Framed Zhongliang
Remove the general army
It turned out that
General Lin Yuanzhou and General Hua Wuji
Really wronged
It's a pity that these two hands are of great importance to the country
Equipment, yeah.
I didn't expect the Wang family to be so vicious
Even such a loyal man must be framed
Wang Chongyang, why don't you kneel down and apologize immediately?
Why did I apologize to them?
I killed people
Wang Chongyang, it turns out that you killed my whole family
You have lost your conscience
Don't die
I'll kill you!
The first female Marquis of combat power
In the face 5 million my strength
Fan Zongjun admits that you have some skills
But that's it.
Wang Chongyang, let him go
What's coming at me?
You kid has to prove it for both of them many times
What do you have to do with them?
I am Lin Yuanzhou